# OrderPizza
  A program that I created in one of my computer science courses containing a frontend and backend. The frontend deals with asking the user for their order, while the backend focuses on storing the information in a receipt format along with its calculations by using functions, lists, and tuples.

  In the frontend, the user first asks if the customer would like to order. If they say no, the code exits completely and is terminated. If the user says yes, it will then ask for the size of pizza as each have a different price range. After, the user will ask for toppings. The maximum that they can enter is three. Afterwards, every topping will cost an additional price to its total. After they have completed asking toppings, the program creates the order in a tuple and is stored in a variable. If the user would like to continue to ordering, the program would loop once more using a while loop and repeat the same questions that were asked in the last instance Afterwards, the second order is incremented to the variable containing the tuple. Otherwise, the code exits and the pizza receipt file is called using the variable of the tuple containing the pizza order and will print a receipt detailing the order and the total.
  
  In the backend, once the customer has finished ordering, the function is called using the variable as a paramter containing the customers order and creates a receipt by first showing the first pizza, its size, toppings and the amount is placed on the right hand side. If there are more than three toppings, it will show its additional cost as well. If there are more pizzas included, it will repeat the process once more. Afterwards, it shows the total before tax, the additional 13% tax in dollar amount and the total with tax.
